["Psalm 31:1\nIn you, O LORD, I have taken refuge; let me never be put to shame; deliver me in your righteousness.","Matthew 7:1\nDo not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.","Psalm 30:5\nFor his anger lasts only a moment, but his favor lasts a lifetime; weeping may remain for a night, but rejoicing comes in the morning.","Isaiah 57:15\nFor this is what the high and lofty One says — he who lives forever, whose name is holy: \"I live in a high and holy place, but also with him who is contrite and lowly in spirit, to revive the spirit of the lowly and to revive the heart of the contrite.","Matthew 7:3-5\n\"Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? How can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.\"","Isaiah 43:2-3\nWhen you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the LORD, your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior...","John 17:26\n\"I have made you known to them, and will continue to make you known in order that the love you have for me may be in them and that I myself may be in them.\"","Hebrews 13:2\nDo not forget to entertain strangers, for by so doing some people have entertained angels without knowing it.","John 17:24\nFather, I want those you have given me to be with me where I am, and to see my glory, the glory you have given me because you loved me before the creation of the world.","John 17:23\nI in them and you in me. May they be brought to complete unity to let the world know that you sent me and have loved them even as you have loved me.","James 1:22\nDo not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says.","Matthew 25:21\nHis master replied, `Well done, good and faithful servant! You have been faithful with a few things; I will put you in charge of many things. Come and share your master's happiness!'","John 17:20-21\nMy prayer is not for them alone. I pray also for those who will believe in me through their message, that all of them may be one, Father, just as you are in me and I am in you. May they also be in us so that the world may believe that you have sent me.","Isaiah 43:1\nBut now, this is what the LORD says — he who created you, O Jacob, he who formed you, O Israel: \"Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are mine.\"","John 17:18\nAs you [God] sent me into the world, I have sent them into the world.","Proverbs 20:22\nDo not say, \"I'll pay you back for this wrong!\" Wait for the LORD, and he will deliver you.","Psalm 37:16-17\nBetter the little that the righteous have than the wealth of many wicked; for the power of the wicked will be broken, but the LORD upholds the righteous.","John 17:15\nMy prayer is not that you take them out of the world but that you protect them from the evil one.","John 17:4\nI have brought you glory on earth by completing the work you gave me to do.","Matthew 7:13-14\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.","Proverbs 16:20\nWhoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is he who trusts in the LORD.","Philippians 4:11\nI am not saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances.","Proverbs 31:10\nA wife of noble character who can find? She is worth far more than rubies.","James 5:16b\nTherefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous man is powerful and effective.","Ezekiel 38:23\n\"And so I will show my greatness and my holiness, and I will make myself known in the sight of many nations. Then they will know that I am the LORD.\"","James 4:7\nSubmit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.","John 17:3\nNow this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.","Galatians 5:1\nIt is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, then, and do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery.","2 Chronicles 7:14\nIf my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.","John 17:1\nAfter Jesus said this, he looked toward heaven and prayed: \"Father, the time has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may glorify you.\"","Psalm 127:1\nUnless the LORD builds the house, its builders labor in vain. Unless the LORD watches over the city, the watchmen stand guard in vain.","Matthew 6:33\nBut seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.","Psalm 37:28\nFor the LORD loves the just and will not forsake his faithful ones. They will be protected forever...","Proverbs 10:6\nBlessings crown the head of the righteous, but violence overwhelms the mouth of the wicked.","Matthew 25:37-40\n\"Then the righteous will answer him, 'Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?'\" The King will reply, 'I tell you the truth, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine, you did for me.'","Proverbs 3:25-26\nHave no fear of sudden disaster or of the ruin that overtakes the wicked, for the LORD will be your confidence and will keep your foot from being snared.","Matthew 6:25\nTherefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes?","Psalm 73:23-26\nYet I am always with you; you hold me by my right hand. You guide me with your counsel, and afterward you will take me into glory. Whom have I in heaven but you? And earth has nothing I desire besides you. My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.","Romans 6:23\nFor the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.","Proverbs 18:22\nHe who finds a wife finds what is good and receives favor from the LORD.","Proverbs 6:20\nMy son, keep your father's commands and do not forsake your mother's teaching.","Luke 6:38\n\"Give, and it will be given to you. A good measure, pressed down, shaken together and running over, will be poured into your lap. For with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.\"","Psalm 31:19\nHow great is your goodness, which you have stored up for those who fear you, which you bestow in the sight of men on those who take refuge in you.","1 John 3:18\nDear children, let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth.","Ephesians 1:17\nI keep asking that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the glorious Father, may give you the Spirit of wisdom and revelation, so that you may know him better.","Jeremiah 6:16\nThis is what the LORD says: \"Stand at the crossroads and look; ask for the ancient paths, ask where the good way is, and walk in it, and you will find rest for your souls. But you said, `We will not walk in it.'","James 4:15\nInstead, you ought to say, \"If it is the Lord's will, we will live and do this or that.\"","Romans 8:35-37\nWho shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? ... No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.","Romans 6:13\nDo not offer the parts of your body to sin, as instruments of wickedness, but rather offer yourselves to God, as those who have been brought from death to life; and offer the parts of your body to him as instruments of righteousness.","Psalm 103:12\nAs far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us.","Jeremiah 29:11\nFor I know the plans I have for you,\" declares the LORD, \"plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.","Isaiah 61:10\nI delight greatly in the LORD; my soul rejoices in my God. For he has clothed me with garments of salvation and arrayed me in a robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom adorns his head like a priest, and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels.","1 John 1:9\nIf we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.","Micah 6:8\nHe has shown you, O man, what is good. And what does the LORD require of you? To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.","Matthew 7:7\nAsk and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.","Proverbs 3:5-6\nTrust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight.","Psalm 103:5\n[Bless the LORD] who satisfies your desires with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagle's.","Romans 6:3-4\nOr don't you know that all of us who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his death? We were therefore buried with him through baptism into death in order that, just as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, we too may live a new life.","Proverbs 16:3\nCommit to the LORD whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.","Galatians 6:2\nCarry each other's burdens, and in this way you will fulfill the law of Christ.","Romans 6:1\nWhat shall we say, then? Shall we go on sinning so that grace may increase? By no means! We died to sin; how can we live in it any longer?","Isaiah 40:30-31\nEven youths grow tired and weary, and young men stumble and fall; but those who hope in the LORD will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.","Galatians 2:20\nI have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.","Galatians 5:25\nSince we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit.","Proverbs 31:8\nSpeak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute.","Isaiah 40:28-29\nDo you not know? Have you not heard? The LORD is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.","Jeremiah 33:3\n'Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know.'","Jeremiah 29:13\nYou will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart.","Acts 16:25\nAbout midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the other prisoners were listening to them.","Jude 24-25\nTo him who is able to keep you from falling and to present you before his glorious presence without fault and with great joy — to the only God our Savior be glory, majesty, power and authority, through Jesus Christ our Lord, before all ages, now and forevermore! Amen.","Ephesians 2:10\nFor we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.","1 Peter 5:7\nCast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.","Philippians 1:21\nFor to me, to live is Christ and to die is gain.","1 Peter 5:6-7\nHumble yourselves, therefore, under God's mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time. Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.","Philippians 1:19\n...I know that through your prayers and the help given by the Spirit of Jesus Christ, what has happened to me will turn out for my deliverance.","Proverbs 10:29\nThe way of the LORD is a refuge for the righteous, but it is the ruin of those who do evil.","Proverbs 3:1-2\nMy son, do not forget my teaching, but keep my commands in your heart, for they will prolong your life many years and bring you prosperity.","Acts 13:3\nSo after they had fasted and prayed, they placed their hands on them and sent them off.","Acts 13:2\nWhile they were worshiping the Lord and fasting, the Holy Spirit said, \"Set apart for me Barnabas and Saul for the work to which I have called them.\"","Matthew 5:14\nYou are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden.","Matthew 5:13\n\"You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again? It is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and trampled by men.\"","Luke 6:27\n\"But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you...\"","2 Peter 3:9\nThe Lord is not slow in keeping his promise, as some understand slowness. He is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance.","Proverbs 10:17\nHe who heeds discipline shows the way to life, but whoever ignores correction leads others astray.","1 Corinthians 2:9\nHowever, as it is written: \"No eye has seen, no ear has heard, no mind has conceived what God has prepared for those who love him.\"","James 3:13\nWho is wise and understanding among you? Let him show it by his good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from wisdom.","Proverbs 3:7\nDo not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil.","Psalm 139:23-24\nSearch me, O God, and know my heart; test me and know my anxious thoughts. See if there is any offensive way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.","James 1:5\nIf any of you lacks wisdom, he should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to him.","Acts 1:14\nThey all joined together constantly in prayer, along with the women and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brothers.","Proverbs 10:12\nHatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs.","1 Peter 3:15\nBut in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect..."]